Initial spec for StarkNet (#288)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/advanced/rpc-reference/starknet-rpc.md

---
description: StarkNet JSON-RPC Methods
---

# StarkNet

We define new types for starknet:
- `FELT`, a number represented by a hex string. Prefixed with 0x. It can be left padded with zeroes or not. It follows the [StarkNet Field Element spec](https://starknet.io/docs/how_cairo_works/cairo_intro.html#field-elements)
- `ABI`, a representation of a StarkNet contract’s interface. As [StarkNet ABI Spec](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/develop/Contracts/contract-abi/)

## starknet_requestAddInvokeTransaction

Requests the wallet to sign and submit a [INVOKE transaction](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/develop/Blocks/transactions/#invoke_transaction)

> ### Parameters

Reviewer: Is the context of the account known here (verifying that the missing sender_address is fine)?

Author: they way i see it, we can be connected to multiple addresses that's why `sender_address` would be mandatory

```
1. `FELT`, sender address
2. `Object`, Transaction request.
    2.1. `calls` : `Object[]` array of calls to perform
        2.1.1. `contractAddress` : `Felt`
        2.1.2. `entrypoint` : `Felt`
        2.1.3. `calldata` : `Felt[]` (Optional)

>     2.2. `abi` : `ABI` (Optional) the abi of the contract for better displaying

Author: good catch. I modified to accept an array of contract ABIs, doesn't need to exactly match the call objects, to follow the same pattern as the JS libraries

    2.3. `executionParams` : `Object` (Optional) Parameters suggested by the dapp
        2.3.1. `nonce` : `Felt` (Optional)
        2.3.2. `maxFee` : `Felt` (Optional)

>         2.3.3. `version` : `Felt` (Optional)

Reviewer 2: I think this should be displayed in the example below to make it more obvious

Author: i left them out intentionally to make clear they are optional. IMO those parameters even if available, should now usually be specified by the dapp

---
description: StarkNet JSON-RPC Methods
---

# StarkNet

We define new types for starknet:

> - `FELT`, a number represented by a hex string. Prefixed with 0x. It can be left padded with zeroes or not. It follows the [StarkNet Field Element spec](https://starknet.io/docs/how_cairo_works/cairo_intro.html#field-elements)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `FELT`, a number represented by a hex string. Prefixed with 0x. It can be left padded with zeroes or not. It follows the [Cairo Field Element spec](https://www.cairo-lang.org/docs/how_cairo_works/cairo_intro.html#field-elements)
```

> - `ABI`, a representation of a StarkNet contract’s interface. As [StarkNet ABI Spec](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/develop/Contracts/contract-abi/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `ABI`, a representation of a StarkNet contract’s interface. As [StarkNet ABI Spec](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/architecture_and_concepts/Contracts/contract-abi/)
```

## starknet_requestAddInvokeTransaction

> Requests the wallet to sign and submit a [INVOKE transaction](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/develop/Blocks/transactions/#invoke_transaction)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Requests the wallet to sign and submit a [INVOKE transaction](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/architecture_and_concepts/Blocks/transactions/#invoke_transaction)
```

- `FELT`, a number represented by a hex string. Prefixed with 0x. It can be left padded with zeroes or not. It follows the [StarkNet Field Element spec](https://starknet.io/docs/how_cairo_works/cairo_intro.html#field-elements)
- `ABI`, a representation of a StarkNet contract’s interface. As [StarkNet ABI Spec](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/develop/Contracts/contract-abi/)

## starknet_requestAddInvokeTransaction

Requests the wallet to sign and submit a [INVOKE transaction](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/develop/Blocks/transactions/#invoke_transaction)

This request might be processed before the account is deployed. In that scenario the wallet will ask the user to do the deployment and the requested transaction.

### Parameters

```
1. `FELT`, `accountAddress` : Account that is being requested to send a transaction
2. `Object`, `executionRequest` : Transaction requested
    2.1. `calls` : `Object[]` array of calls to perform
        2.1.1. `contractAddress` : `Felt`
        2.1.2. `entrypoint` : `Felt`
        2.1.3. `calldata` : `Felt[]` (Optional)
    2.2. `abis` : `ABI[]` (Optional) one or more contract abis which can be used to display the calls

>     2.3. `invocationDetails` : `Object` (Optional) Parameters suggested by the dapp
>         2.3.1. `nonce` : `Felt` (Optional)
>         2.3.2. `maxFee` : `Felt` (Optional)
>         2.3.3. `version` : `Felt` (Optional)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

                  { "name": "wallet", "type" : "felt" }
              ],
              "Mail": [
                  { "name": "from", "type": "Person" },
                  { "name": "to", "type": "Person" },
                  { "name": "contents", "type": "felt" }
              ]
          },
          "primaryType" : "Mail",
          "domain" : {
              "name" : "StarkNet Mail",
              "version" : "1",
              "chainId" : 1
          },
          "message" : {
              "from" : {
                  "name" : "Cow",
                  "wallet" : "0xCD2a3d9F938E13CD947Ec05AbC7FE734Df8DD826"
              },
              "to": {
                  "name" : "Bob",
                  "wallet" : "0xbBbBBBBbbBBBbbbBbbBbbbbBBbBbbbbBbBbbBBbB"
              },
              "contents" : "Hello, Bob!"
          }
  }
}
```

### Returns

1. `FELT[]`, `signature` :  Signature as an array of Felts
 

### Example

```javascript
// Request
{
  "id": 1,
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "method": "starknet_signTypedData",
  "params": ["0x003a8278a26f32452f156260d81b93efb0eca126b44df7b005a5b27e2bbc4a64", {see above}]
}

// Result
{
  "id": 1,
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",

>   "result": { "signature" : ["0x1", "0x072e509b65029052eb6c299d53a04e16605b915621c", "0x07897a4646"] }

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  "result": [
    "1522045081773022436351646149767132287494616436252730610234374188968620058189",
    "704233033334011606116538063579037962812382274034339399321543628216242499333"
  ]
```

}
```

> 
> ## starknet_requestDeployAccount
> 
> Requests the wallet to deploy a given account. Note usually it's preferred to call `starknet_requestAddInvokeTransaction` with the first transaction. That will let the wallet bundle the deployment and the first transaction together.
> 
> ### Parameters
> 
> ```
> 1. `FELT`, `accountAddress` : Identifies account to be deployed
> 
> ```
> 
> ### Example Parameters
> 
> ```javascript
> {
>     "accountAddress" : "0x003a8278a26f32452f156260d81b93efb0eca126b44df7b005a5b27e2bbc4a64"
> }
> ```
> 
> ### Returns
> 
> 1. `FELT`, `transaction_hash` :  The hash of the transaction submitted by the wallet
> 
> ### Example
> 
> ```javascript
> // Request
> {
>   "id": 1,
>   "jsonrpc" : "2.0",
>   "method" : "starknet_requestDeployAccount",
>   "params" : {
>     "accountAddress" : "0x003a8278a26f32452f156260d81b93efb0eca126b44df7b005a5b27e2bbc4a64"
>   }
> }
> 
> // Result
> {
>   "id": 1,
>   "jsonrpc": "2.0",
>   "result": { "transaction_hash" : "0x01d666de4dc4d7e888190475ea6381a862e7d77cc3cb425e72ebf85e1d5144fa" }
> }
> ```

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```
